New API doc changes (#2935)
timescale/docs: api/show_chunks.md

    choice of timestamp or integer must follow the type of the hypertable's time
    column.

The `created_before` and `created_after` parameters can be specified in two ways:

*   **interval type:** The cut-off point is computed as `now() -
    created_before` and similarly `now() - created_after`.  This uses
    the chunk creation time for the filtering.

*   **timestamp, date, or integer type:** The cut-off point is
    explicitly given as a `TIMESTAMP` / `TIMESTAMPTZ` / `DATE` or as a
    `SMALLINT` / `INT` / `BIGINT`. The choice of integer value
    must follow the type of the hypertable's partitioning column. Otherwise
    the chunk creation time is used for the filtering.

> When both `older_than` and `newer_than` arguments are used, the
> function returns the intersection of the resulting two ranges. For
> example, specifying `newer_than => 4 months` and `older_than => 3
> months` shows all full chunks that are between 3 and 4 months old.
> Similarly, specifying `newer_than => '2017-01-01'` and `older_than
> => '2017-02-01'` shows all full chunks between '2017-01-01' and
> '2017-02-01'. Specifying parameters that do not result in an
> overlapping intersection between two ranges results in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When both `older_than` and `newer_than` arguments are used, the
function returns the intersection of the resulting two ranges. For
example, specifying `newer_than => '4 months'` and `older_than => '3
months'` shows all chunks that are between 3 and 4 months old.
Similarly, specifying `newer_than => '2017-01-01'` and `older_than
=> '2017-02-01'` shows all chunks between 2017-01-01 and
2017-02-01. Specifying parameters that do not result in an
overlapping intersection between two ranges results in an error.
```

Author: done.

> When both `created_before` and `created_after` arguments are used, the
> function returns the intersection of the resulting two ranges. For
> example, specifying `created_after`=> 4 months` and `created_before`=> 3
> months` shows all full chunks created between 3 and 4 months from now.
> Similarly, specifying `created_after`=> '2017-01-01'` and `created_before`
> => '2017-02-01'` shows all full chunks created between '2017-01-01' and
> '2017-02-01'. Specifying parameters that do not result in an
> overlapping intersection between two ranges results in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When both `created_before` and `created_after` arguments are used, the
function returns the intersection of the resulting two ranges. For
example, specifying `created_after => '4 months'` and `created_before => '3
months'` shows all chunks created between 3 and 4 months from now.
Similarly, specifying `created_after => '2017-01-01'` and `created_before
=> '2017-02-01'` shows all chunks created between 2017-01-01 and
2017-02-01. Specifying parameters that do not result in an
overlapping intersection between two ranges results in an error.
```

Author: done
